Add Prometheus TLS support (#957)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/salt/pages/formula-monitoring.adoc

    For example, ``15`` will scrape data every fifteen seconds.

> * In the [guimenu]``Evaluation interval`` field, type the FIXME, in seconds.

Reviewer: Is FIXME something in the dashboard.  If not, we must rephrase it somehow.

Author: Fixed

. Click btn:[Save Formula] to save your configuration.

[NOTE]
====
The formula does not generate and deploy the TLS certificates and keys.

> Please ensure the files are present on the minion and readable for the user `prometheus` before applying the highstate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure the files are present on the Salt client and readable for the user ``prometheus`` before applying the highstate.
```

* In the [guimenu]``Data source Name`` field, type the name of the data source to use.
* In the [guimenu]``Arguments`` field, type any customized arguments for this exporter.
    For example, ``--web.listen-address=":9187"``.
. In the [guimenu]``TLS`` section:
* Check the [guimenu]``Enabled`` box to enable the secure configuration.
* In the [guimenu]``CA Certificate`` field, type the path to the Certificate Authority certificate.
* In the [guimenu]``Server Certificate`` field, type the path to the TLS server certificate.
* In the [guimenu]``Server Key`` field, type the path to the TLS server key.
. Click btn:[Save Formula] to save your configuration.

[NOTE]
====
The formula does not generate and deploy the TLS certificates and keys.

> Please ensure the files are present on the minions and readable for the user `prometheus` before applying the highstate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure the files are present on the Salt client and readable for the user ``prometheus`` before applying the highstate.
```
